Query: What is the current inflation rate across the globe?

Search results for search query: 'What is the current inflation rate across the globe?'

1. **Inflation Rate - By Country - TRADING ECONOMICS**
   2 days ago · Trading Economics provides data for 20 million economic indicators from 196 countries including actual values, consensus figures, forecasts, historical time series and news. Inflation Rate - By Country - was last updated on Sunday, November 16, 2025.
   https://tradingeconomics.com/country-list/inflation-rate-

2. **Inflation Rate by Country 2025 - World Population Review Global Inflation Tracker - Council on Foreign Relations Inflation and interest rates tracker: see how your country ... Current inflation rates | global-rates.com World Economic Outlook (October 2025) - Inflation rate ... Inflation rates by country - Worlddata.info Inflation rates by country - Worlddata.info Global Inflation Tracker - Council on Foreign Relations Inflation Rate - By Country - TRADING ECONOMICS Global Inflation Tracker - Council on Foreign Relations Global Inflation Tracker - Council on Foreign Relations Inflation Rate by Country 2025 - World Population Review**
   Data on inflation rate for 180+ countries, including which countries have the highest inflation rates , which countries have the lowest inflation rates , and definitions of the 3 types of inflation index. See full list on worldpopulationreview.com Nov 4, 2025 · The map below aids in gauging inflation trends in almost two hundred countries around the world —mainly those that report data to the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Nov 6, 2025 · Our tracker features the latest inflation and policy rate data for most countries, historical figures, as well as key factors affecting policymakers’ decisions on borrowing costs. This page allows you to compare the current inflation rates for a large number of countries and regions. You can find inflation figures based on CPI (consumer price index) as well as HICP (harmonised consumer price index). Inflation rate , average consumer prices Annual percent change map list chart selected 25% or more In 2024, the global inflation rate was 5.8 percent. In the European Union, it was 2.6 percent. For the United States, a year-over-year price increase of 3.0 percent was determined. Listen to this page: This is a shortened overview that only includes the most important countries. How is inflation determined in a country? The prices of consumer goods are determined and evaluated annually in almost all countries. If prices are higher than in the previous year , this is known as inflation. If they are lower, it is deflation. This calculated inflation rate is an essential component of monetary stability. In 2024, the global inflation rate was 5.8 percent. What is inflation & how does it work? The map below aids in gauging inflation trends in almost two hundred countries around the world—mainly those that report data to the International Monetary Fund (IMF). The inflation rate is defined as the rate of change in the consumer price level over the prior twelve months. When was inflation rate - by country - last updated? Inflation Rate - By Country - was last updated on Saturday, November 15, 2025 . Trading Economics provides data for 20 million economic indicators from 196 countries including actual values, consensus figures, forecasts, historical time series and news. Inflation Rate - By Country - was last updated on Saturday, November 15, 2025. What is inflation rate? The inflation rate is defined as the rate of change in the consumer price level over the prior twelve months . Each country is shaded according to its year-over-year rate of inflation, with darker colors indicating higher inflation. How are inflation rates calculated? The data displayed in the maps and charts above is calculated using data from the IMF’s consumer price index (CPI), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the World Bank's Global Database of Inflation , and Eurostat. All rates are expressed as twelve-month percent changes. Which country has the highest inflation rate in the world? With an inflation rate that has soared above one million percent in recent years, Venezuela has the highest inflation rate in the world. At times, prices in Venezuela have changed so rapidly that stores stopped putting price tags on merchandise and instructed customers to simply ask employees what each item cost that day.
   https://worldpopulationreview.com/country-rankings/inflation-rate-by-country

3. **Global Inflation Tracker - Council on Foreign Relations**
   Nov 4, 2025 · The map below aids in gauging inflation trends in almost two hundred countries around the world —mainly those that report data to the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
   https://www.cfr.org/tracker/global-inflation-tracker

4. **Inflation and interest rates tracker: see how your country ... Current inflation rates | global-rates.com World Economic Outlook (October 2025) - Inflation rate ... Inflation rates by country - Worlddata.info Inflation rates by country - Worlddata.info Global Inflation Tracker - Council on Foreign Relations Inflation Rate - By Country - TRADING ECONOMICS Global Inflation Tracker - Council on Foreign Relations Global Inflation Tracker - Council on Foreign Relations Inflation Rate by Country 2025 - World Population Review**
   Nov 6, 2025 · Our tracker features the latest inflation and policy rate data for most countries, historical figures, as well as key factors affecting policymakers’ decisions on borrowing costs. This page allows you to compare the current inflation rates for a large number of countries and regions. You can find inflation figures based on CPI (consumer price index) as well as HICP (harmonised consumer price index). Inflation rate , average consumer prices Annual percent change map list chart selected 25% or more In 2024, the global inflation rate was 5.8 percent. In the European Union, it was 2.6 percent. For the United States, a year-over-year price increase of 3.0 percent was determined. Listen to this page: This is a shortened overview that only includes the most important countries. How is inflation determined in a country? The prices of consumer goods are determined and evaluated annually in almost all countries. If prices are higher than in the previous year , this is known as inflation. If they are lower, it is deflation. This calculated inflation rate is an essential component of monetary stability. In 2024, the global inflation rate was 5.8 percent. What is inflation & how does it work? The map below aids in gauging inflation trends in almost two hundred countries around the world—mainly those that report data to the International Monetary Fund (IMF). The inflation rate is defined as the rate of change in the consumer price level over the prior twelve months. When was inflation rate - by country - last updated? Inflation Rate - By Country - was last updated on Saturday, November 15, 2025 . Trading Economics provides data for 20 million economic indicators from 196 countries including actual values, consensus figures, forecasts, historical time series and news. Inflation Rate - By Country - was last updated on Saturday, November 15, 2025. What is inflation rate? The inflation rate is defined as the rate of change in the consumer price level over the prior twelve months . Each country is shaded according to its year-over-year rate of inflation, with darker colors indicating higher inflation. How are inflation rates calculated? The data displayed in the maps and charts above is calculated using data from the IMF’s consumer price index (CPI), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the World Bank's Global Database of Inflation , and Eurostat. All rates are expressed as twelve-month percent changes. Which country has the highest inflation rate in the world? With an inflation rate that has soared above one million percent in recent years, Venezuela has the highest inflation rate in the world. At times, prices in Venezuela have changed so rapidly that stores stopped putting price tags on merchandise and instructed customers to simply ask employees what each item cost that day.
   https://www.ft.com/content/088d3368-bb8b-4ff3-9df7-a7680d4d81b2

5. **Current inflation rates | global-rates.com**
   This page allows you to compare the current inflation rates for a large number of countries and regions. You can find inflation figures based on CPI (consumer price index) as well as HICP (harmonised consumer price index).
   https://www.global-rates.com/en/inflation/